	gxmlviewer readme

	1. Overview
	2. Installation Problems/Solutions

1. Overview
gxmlviewer is a xml viewer that uses gtk.  Basically it will parse an xml file using the sax interface of libxml and build a GtkTree of the various nodes.  Whenthe tree is presented it will look like the xml source, but each node will be collapable.  (This is like the built in xml-viewer that Internet Explorer uses)

I built this viewer because Linux lacks a good xml viewer.  In my development I deal with xml files alot and I like to see them in their source view, but I also want to be able to collapse nodes that I do not want to see.

I have also included a plugin for netscape that will attach itself to text/xml xontent types and launch this viewer to view the xml files.  This plugin is simply a window swallower that will swallow the gxmlviewer window inside the netscape display.  The window swallower code is what I ripped off from xswallow.  I thought about using xswallow to perform the window swallowing, but I also wanted to have the rpm for the package install/configure the netscape plugin as well.  xswallow is a neat app, you can check it out at...

> XSwallow documentation is at
> http://www.csn.ul.ie/~caolan/docs/XSwallow.html
> Caolan McNamara <caolan@skynet.ie>

Feel free to email me with any problems or suggestions.  (This is my first gtk app. go easy)

In the future I would like to add support for colorizing the xml display.  Currently I don't know how to do this using gtk.

I'll answer this question now, because some of you are going to ask..
Why gtk??
I used the gtk libararies because I also use gnome as my desktop.  gtk is well documentent and using thier library meant that I didn't need to write any additional code to create a collapsable tree.  Gtk is cool.



2. Installation Problems/Solutions...
if libxml cannot be found then install the libxml2-devel package
  rpm -Uhv libxml2-devel-2.4.2-1.i386.rpm

if the xmlview-control fails to compile it probably needed the gnome-print package installed
  rpm -Uhv gnome-print-devel-0.29-6.i386.rpm



Sean Stuckless <sstuckless@home.com>

